Removed references to EKS and AKS as they are not officially supported yet (#1196)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/platforms/kubernetes/concepts/architecture.md

## Operator based deployment

> Operator allows Redis Labs to maintain a unified deployment solution across various Kubernetes environments, i.e., RedHat OpenShift, Pivotal Container Services (PKS), Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and vanilla Kubernetes. Statefulset and anti-affinity guarantee that each Redis Enterprise node resides on a Pod that is hosted on a different VM or physical server. See this setup shown in the figure below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator allows Redis Labs to maintain a unified deployment solution across various Kubernetes environments, i.e., RedHat OpenShift, VMware Tanzu (Tanzu Kubernetes Grid, and Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Integrated Edition, formerly known as PKS), Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), and vanilla (upstream) Kubernetes. Statefulset and anti-affinity guarantee that each Redis Enterprise node resides on a Pod that is hosted on a different VM or physical server. See this setup shown in the figure below:
```
Added Tanzu and its derivatives - it is a mouthful but those are the different product names - and added back AKS since it is practically released and there are no significant distribution-specific modifications beyond our ability to support it and testing it with the upcoming release and going forward.
